graph_connectivity_sc: Vulnerable Graph Properties Handler
-----------------------------------------------
Side Channel Vulnerability
Type: Space

This article displays route map properties in such a way that the size of the packet reveals whether or not the map is connected.

Each of the properties is formatted, with padding, to a certain size.  This size is initially set to be 19 characters, large
enough to  contain all of the properties strings.  However, when formatting the properties,  there is a check to ensure this space is
sufficient; this check is implemented with a '<' where there should be a '<='.  If the space is deemed insufficient (which it never
would be with the <=), the space used for the current property (and each subsequent property) is doubled.  Because the disconnected
graph property string takes up exactly 19 characters, in the case of a disconnected graph, the broken guard mistakenly allocates more
space for this property (and all subsequent properties), making the  properties packet detectably larger, and yielding distinct, identifiable
size ranges for graph properties pages for connected and disconnected graphs, respectively.

Note that it is possible for other packets to have the same size as the disconnected and connected properties packets, respectively.  We
use a sequence of packet sizes in our attack to ensure (with very high probability) that we're looking at a properties packet.

In particular, when a user uploads a route map, Airplan requires them to view a sequence of pages, in order, (wizard-style) before they are able to
access the majority of Airplan's features.  So, there is a sequence of packets that an attacker can identify. First, after uploading a graph,
the user has to select which of the edge weights to use for the properties page.  This weight selector page has an identifiable size range.
This is followed by the graph properties page.

The side channel resides in methods format() and getContentForPost() in the airplan.MapPropertiesHandler class, which gets called when a user views
the map properties page.
