bid_amount_0 Bid Amount Side Channel
------------------------------------
Side Channel Vulnerability
Type: Time

The peer-to-peer auction protocol is vulnerable to a timing side channel attack that allows
an attacker to guess a user's bid within some margin of error.  Specifically, the creation of 
a bid comparison message is slow and takes time proportional to a function of that user's bid.

NOTE: - bid_amount_0 and bid_amount_1 are vulnerable to the same attack.
      - PowerBroker and BidPal both contain this vulnerability, but they require separate analysis and attacks.
        Blue teams will NOT be able to use the same exploit for both programs.

Of the two vulnerable versions, this one is less obvious, as the loop is indexed from 0 and the
behavior of the expensive method is modified via a method call.

The bid comparison message is the message that a user A sends to another user B to allow
B to determine whether his bid is greater than or equal to B's, without revealing A's bid.

A passive attacker can measure this time by observing the time between a user sending a 
bid commitment message and his receiving a bid comparison message in response.

Our attack computes a database of timings for a few different bid amounts and uses these to interpolate a guess of
the bid amount in an observed session.

checksum_ac_1 Checksum Vulnerability
------------------------------------------------
AC Vulnerability
Type: Time

The peer-to-peer auction protocol is vulnerable to an algorithmic complexity attack which can cause it to exceed its time budget.

After a comparison message is created, some checks are performed, which are meant to look like typical checks for validity of the username
and auction id, and a sanity check on the bytes of the serialized message.  Under normal operation, these will all pass, however, an attacker
with the right username and right auction id can cause them to fail, in which case the program will repeatedly re-create the message
(which is already expensive to create), causing the program to exceed its time budget.  (Note: The ability to start an auction with a specified
auction id is an unadvertised and undocumented feature -- in normal operation as documented, the auction id is automatically generated and the vulnerability
cannot be triggered.)

