,1,What's for dinner?,foo
foo,I love those one-pot dinners!  Maybe Thai tonight?
snacky,Snickers and chips for me!
sandwich,Subs with lots of fresh veggies!
,1,Desserts!,sr32
sr32,Looking for something light but satisfying to bring to a pot luck.
snacky,Fruit? Jello?  Maybe a trifle?
mamamia,Light as in density,or light as in calories? Mousse is good.   
sr32,Do you have a tried and true recipe?
mamamia,Just combine whipping cream and pudding mix of your choice,and whip.  Layer different flavors in pretty cups if you want to be fancy
sr32,Quantities?
sonny42,Just give 'em ice cream with Cocoa Puffs as a topping.
,2,Standing dek,doctornobody
doctornobody,Anyone have any luck with a standing desk?
roomba,My colleague tried it for a month and gave it up.
phantom,I'm too lazy to try.
sr32,I like the UpLift sit and stand,but I'm kind of with Phantom in that I'm too lazy to use it most of the time.
,2,Time off,pythagoras
pythagoras,So how much time off do you all get?
roomba,None.
phantom,2 weeks,plus holidays and sick time
devenmartinez@hotmail.com,6 weeks.
pythagoras,Hm...
,3,Wimbledon 2016,devenmartinez@hotmail.com
devenmartinez@hotmail.com,Who's going to win this year?
foo,Probably that one guy... forgot his name.
johndoe,I love a good doubles match.  Should be an exciting year.
bubba111,Watch and see.  Wish I could be there in person.
devenmartinez@hotmail.com,Tell me about it!
,3,Superbowl,phantom
phantom,Who's ready?
devenmartinez@hotmail.com,I'm not.  Aren't you a little over-eager?
phantom,Apparently so.
bubba111,I'm always ready!
,4,Europe!,mamamia
mamamia,Norwegian Air has a great deal on tickets to Rome
devenmartinez@hotmail.com,If I have 2 weeks in Europe,what should I make sure to do/see?
mamamia,Really depends on your interests.
,5,Moans and groans,complaintdepartment
complaintdepartment,I'm soooo tired.  It's going to be a long day
snacky,Boy am I hungry.  How am I going to last until lunch time?
killer,What's with traffic today?  Outrageous!
,6,Classical,larryr21
larryr21,You're going to laugh at me,but I've had zero exposure to classical music.  Where should I start?
phantom,Check out your local symphony orchestra.  Live is always best.
mamamia,Baby Einstein?
sr32,You remember when they used to have music stores?  I was going to suggest you ask someone there,LOL.  Hm... try spotify?
,6,Country,bubba111
bubba111,Sam Hunt nominated for grammy as best new artist!
bubba111,Chris Stapleton nominated for album of the year grammy!
johndoe,That's good news but I'm more interested in when Taylor Swift will be coming out with a new album.
,7,Medical News,johndoe
johndoe,Number of new diabetes cases is falling!  http://www.newser.com/story/216882/cdc-sees-major-shift-in-us-diabetes-cases.html
snacky,PM me for a great cure for anemia!
,7,Education News,snacky
snacky,Check out new font to help with dyslexia.  http://www.cbsnews.com/news/the-font-that-helps-dyslexics-read-better/
doughboy,That's awesome news!
larryr21,Did you hear they're easing up on No Child Left Behind?
bubba111,No I didn't Larry; how so?
,8,No art here,doughboy
doughboy,I see no one here is into art.  Shame. 
,9,Presidential Election,bugsbunny
smurfette,Who loves Hillary?
stephaniem,I do!
tacoboy,Another election,another batch of candidates...
doughboy,Crazy4Tacos I know what you mean.
annieb1,What did folks think of the latest debate?
tacoboy,Honestly,I fell asleep.
doughboy,That's no way to be an educated citizen!
,10,Introduce Yourself,devenmartinez@hotmail.com
devenmartinez@hotmail.com,I'm Deven Martinez, and I am awesome!  (You can check out my picture on SnapBuddy)
annieb1,Hi, Deven!
bertnernie,Hi everyone.  You can call me Bert.
,11,In-laws,sandwich
sandwich,Wow, I never understood why people had a hard time with their in-laws.  Until I had in-laws of my own.  And even though they're awesome people that I totally respect, I get it now.
snacky,Welcome to the club, Sand.
,12,Concerts,mamamia
mamamia,The Band Perry is performing Jan. 8 in Phoenix
fibonacci,Awesome news.  Can't wait! Are you going?
mamamia,Not sure yet.  Might need a ride.
,13,Cars for Sale,roomba
roomba,Selling a 2003 Honda Accord - 120K miles.  Best offer!
roomba,Bump.
roomba,Anyone?
roomba,Last call before I post it on Craig's List.
,13,Furniture for Sale,beakerseeker
beakerseeker,Anyone selling a bunk bed?
annieb1,Dining room set for sale; includes table,6 chairs,and nice china cabinet.  $1500 or best offer.
smurfette,Annie B.: Can you send me a picture of it on SnapBuddy?
snuggles,What are the table dimensions?
,13,Appliances for Sale,rainbowbrite
rainbowbrite,Selling Keurig Mini.  $65 obo.
tacoboy,Are you including any K-cups with it?  What kind?
snacky,Looking to buy a waffle maker.  Anyone have one for sale? 
pythagoras,I never use mine,you can have it for $10 if you'll pick it up.
snacky,Where do you live?
snuggles,Selling used washing machine.  Works,but it's old.  Anyone want to talk?
beakerseeker,No one wants to sell me a bunk bed?  I'm off to Craig's List.
,14,Zumba,rainbowbrite
rainbowbrite,Anyone do Zumba? Seems to be the thing.  Is it as great as it's cracked up to be?
annieb1,My neighbor is going to try it soon; I'll ask her.
,14,Limited time workout?,beakerseeker
beakerseeker,Ideas for a good workout with limited time and no equipment?
sandwich,Take the stairs.  Do pushups. 
beakerseeker,No stairs.
sandwich,Then do squats in the elevator.
